TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last Updated: May 31, 2025

1. Definitions
1.1 “Platform” means the FromStrangers website, mobile and desktop applications, APIs, events, and all related services.
1.2 “User,” “You,” or “Member” refers to any person or entity who registers for, accesses, or uses the Platform.
1.3 “Content” includes text, images, videos, audio, messages, data, profiles, and other materials uploaded by Users.
1.4 “Events” means any in-person gatherings, meetups, workshops, parties, or activities organized, promoted, or facilitated via the Platform.
1.5 “Affiliates” refers to any related entities, partners, representatives, organizers, sponsors, content creators, or service providers.
1.6 “Brand Assets” means trademarks, logos, trade dress, and all proprietary marks owned by FromStrangers.

2. Acceptance of Terms
By creating an account or using the Platform, You unconditionally agree to abide by these Terms and all future modifications. If You do not agree, do not access or use the Platform. Continued use after any update constitutes acceptance of those changes.

3. Eligibility & Registration
3.1 You must be at least 18 years old and capable of entering into a binding contract.
3.2 You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete registration information.
3.3 You accept sole responsibility for maintaining the confidentiality of Your account credentials and agree to notify FromStrangers immediately of any unauthorized account use.
3.4 One account per person—duplicate accounts or account sharing are prohibited and may lead to suspension.

4. Brand Protection & Intellectual Property
4.1 All software, design, text, graphics, logos, icons, and Brand Assets are the exclusive property of FromStrangers or its licensors.
4.2 You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, or otherwise exploit any Brand Assets except as expressly permitted in writing by FromStrangers.
4.3 Unauthorized use of Brand Assets (including screen captures, logos, or trade dress) is strictly prohibited and may result in injunctive relief, damages, and up to statutory penalties.
4.4 You shall not use FromStrangers’ name or trademarks in any metatags, keywords, advertising, or other promotional materials without our prior written consent.

5. User Conduct & Community Guidelines
5.1 You must treat all Users and staff with respect; harassment, hate speech, threats, or violence are strictly forbidden.
5.2 You shall not post or transmit any unlawful, defamatory, obscene, infringing, or malicious Content.
5.3 Spamming, unsolicited promotions, phishing, or any form of bulk messaging is prohibited.
5.4 You agree not to reverse-engineer, decompile, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas of the Platform.
5.5 FromStrangers reserves the right to investigate violations, remove offending Content, warn, suspend, or terminate accounts, and cooperate with law enforcement as required.

6. User-Generated Content
6.1 You retain ownership of Your Content but grant FromStrangers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable license to host, use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, distribute, and display that Content.
6.2 FromStrangers may monitor, flag, or remove any Content that violates these Terms or poses a risk to the community or brand.
6.3 You represent and warrant that You own or have secured all rights necessary to grant this license, and that Your Content does not violate any third-party rights.

7. Privacy & Data Processing
7.1 We collect, store, and process personal data to operate, maintain, and improve the Platform, and to personalize Your experience.
7.2 You consent to automated processing, analytics, marketing communications, profiling, and third-party data sharing as described in our Privacy Policy.
7.3 FromStrangers implements industry-standard technical and organizational measures to protect Your data, but cannot guarantee absolute security.
7.4 You may request access, correction, or deletion of Your personal data as permitted by law and our Privacy Policy.

8. Media Release & Publicity
8.1 By participating in Events or posting on the Platform, You grant FromStrangers and its Affiliates the irrevocable right to capture, record, and publish photographs, videos, and audio of You.
8.2 Such media may be used for marketing, promotion, advertising, social media, and other commercial purposes without further compensation or approval.
8.3 You waive any right to inspect or approve the finished media or its uses.

9. In-Person Event Attendance
9.1 Attendance at any Event is voluntary and at Your own risk. You represent that You are physically and mentally fit to participate.
9.2 You agree to adhere to all Event rules, safety instructions, and applicable local laws and regulations.
9.3 FromStrangers and its Affiliates disclaim all liability for personal injury, property damage, or any other loss suffered during Events.

10. Damage Liability & Resolution
10.1 You agree to reimburse FromStrangers or affected parties for any damage to property or personal injury that You cause during an Event.
10.2 Such liability shall be determined by the consensus of at least two (2) other active Platform members, whose decision is final and binding.
10.3 Failure to reimburse within 30 days may result in account suspension, legal action, or debt collection efforts.

11. Fees, Payments & Refunds
11.1 Where applicable, You agree to pay all fees or charges specified in the Platform’s pricing or subscription pages.
11.2 All payments are processed through secure third-party payment processors; you must comply with their terms.
11.3 Subscription fees are billed in advance and non-refundable, except as expressly provided.
11.4 FromStrangers reserves the right to change pricing or introduce new fees upon 30 days’ notice.

12. Third-Party Links & Services
12.1 The Platform may link to third-party websites, services, or APIs for additional functionality.
12.2 FromStrangers is not responsible for the content, privacy practices, or reliability of any third-party resources.
12.3 Use of third-party integrations is governed by their respective terms and privacy policies.

13. Confidentiality & Non-Disclosure
13.1 You agree to keep confidential any non-public information or trade secrets regarding the Platform’s technology, business plans, or Brand Assets.
13.2 You shall not disclose or use such information except as necessary to use the Platform in compliance with these Terms.
13.3 Breach of this section may cause irreparable harm and entitle FromStrangers to injunctive relief and damages.

14. Warranty Disclaimer
14.1 The Platform is provided “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE,” without warranty of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory, or otherwise.
14.2 FromStrangers disclaims all implied warranties, including merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.

15. Limitation of Liability
15.1 To the fullest extent permitted by law, FromStrangers and its Affiliates shall not be liable for indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages.
15.2 Our aggregate liability arising out of or relating to these Terms shall not exceed the greater of (a) the total amounts You have paid to FromStrangers in the six months preceding the claim or (b) USD 100.

16. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless FromStrangers, its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses arising out of or in any way connected with Your use of the Platform, Your Content, or Your breach of these Terms.

17. Dispute Resolution & Governing Law
17.1 Governing Law: These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to conflict-of-law rules.
17.2 Arbitration: Any dispute shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration in Houston, Texas, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
17.3 Class Action Waiver: You and FromStrangers each waive the right to a jury trial and to participate in class-action litigation.

18. Injunctive Relief
You acknowledge that breach of Sections 4 (Brand Protection), 13 (Confidentiality), or any misuse of Brand Assets may cause irreparable harm to FromStrangers, entitling it to injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies.

19. Force Majeure
FromStrangers shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, war, terrorism, or governmental action.

20. Termination
20.1 By You: You may terminate Your account at any time via account settings; termination does not relieve You of obligations incurred prior to termination.
20.2 By FromStrangers: We may suspend or terminate Your access for violation of these Terms, without notice or liability.
20.3 Survival: Sections 4, 6, 8–11, 13–18, and 20.3 survive termination.

21. Modifications to Terms
FromStrangers reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time. We will notify You via email or Platform notification. Continued use following any modification constitutes acceptance of the revised Terms.

22. Severability
If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

23. Assignment
You may not assign or transfer these Terms or Your rights hereunder without FromStrangers’ prior written consent. FromStrangers may assign its rights without restriction.

24. Entire Agreement
These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy, constitute the entire agreement between You and FromStrangers regarding the Platform and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.

Contact Us
For questions or notices, email: hello@fromstrangers.to
